README.md, before:

# jsk_mbzirc_task3

##controller
Obtain control of M100:  R2 + L2 + Cross

Release control of M100: R2 + L2 + Circle

Release the magnets:  Circle + Triangle

Take Off:   L1 + R1 + Cross

Landing:    L1 + R1 + Circle

Gohome:   L1 + R1 +  Square

Gimbal:   L2 + L and R axis stick

Gimbal face downward:   L2 + cross

xyz+yaw:  L1 + L and R axis stick

Fast Mode xyz+yaw: L1 + L2 + L and R axis stick (Be careful about this mode)

Virtual RC mode:   press start to enable, then no need for DJI Remote controller, re-press it again to disable Virtual RC mode.
 
Other:  TBC.

##PC setup
### In your own PC, you can either copy and compile the whole package or just use the jsk_network_tools sub-package(under jsk_mbzirc_task3, not the original version under jsk_common), do

`
sixad -s
`

`
rosrun joy joy_node 
`

`
roslaunch jsk_task3_m100 remotepc.launch
`

or just copy the remotepc.launch file to jsk_network_tools(under jsk_mbzirc_task3), and only build jsk_network_tools and launch from there

### Please send you host pc wifi to ip 192.168.97.188 (connect to JSK300)

###M100 PC
jsk-m100-a-c: 192.168.8.222

jsk-m100-a-v: 192.168.8.111

Username for both: ubuntu

Passwd for both: jsk_mbzirc


### ssh into jsk-m100-a-v, do 

`
roslaunch jsk_task3_m100 jsk_udp.launch
`

### ssh into v, then ssh into jsk-m100-a-c, do

`
sudo -s
`

`
roslaunch jsk_task3_m100 jsk_task3_m100.launch
`



next step: write a node to compress the image.

Feel free to ask...

Commit message:

Ready for remote control mode in the change.. Some topic types may not be compatible for autonomous mode, will fix this issue later.
Changed the README, Please remember the control method and practice.

README.md, after:

# jsk_mbzirc_task3

##controller
Obtain control of M100:  R2 + L2 + Cross

Release control of M100: R2 + L2 + Circle

Release the magnets for 1 second and enable again:  Circle + Triangle

Disabel the magnets: Square + Triangle

Take Off:   L1 + R1 + Cross

Landing:    L1 + R1 + Circle

Gohome:   L1 + R1 +  Square (suppress)

Gimbal:   L2 + L and R axis stick

Gimbal face downward:   L2 + cross

xyz:  L1 + L and R axis stick

yaw control: L1 + Cross + L axis stick

Fast Mode xyz+yaw: L1 + L2 + L and R axis stick (Be careful about this mode)

Virtual RC mode:   press start to enable, then no need for DJI Remote controller, re-press it again to disable Virtual RC mode.
 
Other:  TBC.

##PC setup
### In your own PC, you can either copy and compile the whole package or just use the jsk_network_tools sub-package(under jsk_mbzirc_task3, not the original version under jsk_common), do

`
sixad -s
`

`
rosrun joy joy_node 
`

`
roslaunch jsk_task3_m100 remotepc.launch
`

or just copy the remotepc.launch file to jsk_network_tools(under jsk_mbzirc_task3), and only build jsk_network_tools and launch from there

### Please send you host pc wifi to ip 192.168.97.188 (connect to MBZIRC300M)

###M100 PC
jsk-m100-a-c: 192.168.97.31

###S900 PC
S900-1: 192.168.97.32
S900-2: 192.168.97.33

Username for all: ubuntu

Passwd for all: jsk_mbzirc


### ssh into the On-board PC, do 


`
sudo -s
`

`
roslaunch jsk_task3_m100 jsk_task3_v.launch
`

### Open another terminal

`
sudo -s
`

`
roslaunch jsk_task3_m100 jsk_task3_m100.launch
`

Feel free to ask...
